this is a new serf hundred thirty-two
and you might notice it looks a little
bit different than the serf hunters
you're used to seeing
there's no motor box as a result of that
you get a larger lounge along the stern
here and you get this entertainment
center with seating in front of it how
does all this happen the answer is right
back there on the transom outboard power
even though Hunt has changed things up
with this thirty-two by shifting to a
board power you still get the things you
expect out of line you still have the
hunt Divi you still have a hunt ride you
still have the well laid out helm
station you still have the nice woodwork
and the detail touches there's one other
thing you get to some free startling
performance in fact this boat breaks 50
miles an hour down below you have a
relatively compact with functional cabin
with a small galley a decent-sized
rebirth and a full stand-up enclosed
head it may seem a bit unusual at first
but you need to get used to seeing
upwards on the back of these hunts
because in fact all of their coastal
series these 32s and down are now
outboard powered boats and a little
birdie told us they might have a bigger
one on the drawing board so stay tuned
for more
boat insurance at United marine
underwriters were simply the best at
what we do just boat insurance we offer
comprehensive insurance coverage for all
your boating needs boat insurance quotes
on your screen in 90 seconds
United marine underwriters